From plan.md in the reflection stage of iteration 1, our group decided to divide the implementation of the functions into four logical buckets. We thought it would be more efficient for each person to work on one of these buckets each since functions share many similarities with other functions in the same bucket. We carried out the aforementioned plan for this iteration and divided all the functions in the Gitlab list. These functions were ticked off as they were completed, so all group members could see the progress for this iteration. This division and allocation of functions also ensured that no two persons would work on the same code, thus preventing many merge conflicts. 

The proposed timeframe as listed in plan.md outlined that 2 functions would be completed each day so that all 32 functions were finished within 16 days. This was very ambitious. All other group members had other commitments and assessment during this time period as well, thus delaying this plan. We solved this by having frequent meetings and keeping each other updated on the progress of our allocated functions. In Iteration 1, standups were not fully utilised in the meetings, so for this iteration, having standups was a main focus point. While we found that standups were useful in keeping meetings short and concise, we found that we still needed to incorporate longer meetings where we would all code together and collaborate while having the code in front of us. Our group then decided that having pair programming sessions would also be beneficial as it would allow the written code to be continuously checked. Programming sessions also allowed for smaller bugs to be found so that larger group meetings could focus on other issues. We found that the best schedule for meetings was to have large meetings twice a week (one during our Monday tutorial, and the other during the weekend) and pair programming sessions twice a week. 

The main problem that we faced during this iteration was that since all group members had different schedules and commitments, it was quite difficult to arrange meetings with all members. 3-people meetings were often conducted, and whilst these meetings were just as productive as meetings with all members, new updates and changes to our data structure were not always passed on to the absent member.  Although changes were small, code written by the absent member needed to be edited later on so that it worked with the updated data structure. Furthermore, the location of the files were in different locations in the repository making incorporating functions into sever.py unnecessarily cumbersome.